Downloaded from
YTS.MX
- You're serious.
It was a no? On all these designs?
Official YIFY movies site:
YTS.MX
- Arabella. between us.
you were never truly in the
competition for this job.
- But you. you showed
them all of these. right?
And it was still a no?
This industry isn't giving me anything.
I can't even buy a meal these days.
It's taken everything from me.
My time. my friends.
my money. and for what?
- Listen. Arabella. honestly.
I do think it will turn around.
However. have you looked
at other office jobs
that need designers?
- I mean. kill me now.
I couldn't work for a designer. Ian.
It would destroy me.
- Take a look at this.
- Personal shopper?
- A lot of my designers tend to look
at different sideline jobs.
It's a good way to earn some money.
plus it's an easy job. too.
How about you go to this meeting.
It could see you over
until we make something happen.
Before I tell you my story.
I suppose you need to know my truth.
Truth is I have always
been a bit different.
I never knew how or what it was
that set me apart from the other girls.
I felt like I grew up so fast.
I felt like I was missing
out on all those big life experiences.
- Arabella Childs?
You're up.
- I didn't know what in my
life I was craving so badly.
not until I had that meeting.
nothing more than you keep
you don't want to be
you won't even show me
heart of heaven and hell
you don't know can heal
you fight fear to kill
I'm Arabella.
- I know.
- I studied at St. Franks
College of Fashion.
graduating last year.
I've been working on my own fashion line.
- I don't want to see your designs.
So fashion designer is
what you want to be?
- Yeah. That's the main goal.
- Well. why are you here?
I mean. everybody else
in that waiting room
actually wants this as a profession.
- Because fashion is all I know.
Because I know I can do just as good job
as anyone sitting in that
waiting room out there.
- Your parents.
What do they make of this life choice?
- They're um...
Well. they died when I was younger. so...
- Well. I have my new novel coming out
in the next few months and
I need somebody to dress me
for every single publicity occasion.
So how are you of taking orders?
- I'm more than capable of taking orders.
Marylin had a way of making me feel small.
feeling worthless in just seconds.
It was a weird power she had over me.
It was like she scooped me up
and squished me to the ground. like a bug.
Little did I know Marylin
would unleash the real me.
Whether you agree with my
actions of my story or not.
it is the girl that was within me.
- So I've been working in the
city now for like two years.
and um. I'm moving on
up at quite a good pace.
Yeah.
I've got my flat. which is just mine.
Go on about two holidays a year.
I'd be far.
- Looks like everything's
going great for you. then.
- Yeah.
Yeah. it's going great.
All I need now is the arm candy.
- Arm candy?
- Yeah. you know. the old
missus I can call my very own.
Lovely. where are you?
That's my
flatmate. One second.
Saf. the plumber's here.
- What. the tap's not fixed yet?
- Getting there.
- Is he hot?
- His personality is as vibrant
as a hippopotamus's asshole.
- Yeah. but like. is he hot. though?
- Yeah.
- Oh my god.
We have such similar minds.
you know that. right?
- You dirty girl.
- Is that him?
Oh my god.
Hey.
- Oh. hey.
Well I think that is it.
I'm Markus. by the way.
- Plumber.
Yeah. Well I live here. so...
We have a problem in the bedroom.
- Yeah? What's the problem?
- Yeah. It's the taps are
dripping in the bedroom.
Will you check it out? Please?
- Show me your taps.
My flatmate
Saffie was a wild one.
I think she was the first girl who
tried releasing the inner girl I talk of.
However. she never truly held the key.
She just made me aware.
It was something inside
itching to be released.
you mine if you want
go when you're gone
quarter all if you want
know what you want now
Hello?
Miss Childs?
- Yeah. who is speaking?
Marylin-Blacklock
Charterhouse.
You interviewed for the
personal shopper job yesterday?
- Oh uh. yes. I did. Yeah.
You start tomorrow.
I have an event tomorrow night
so I will need a selection of dresses.
Have some for me to choose
from tomorrow midday. yeah?
- Yeah. that's absolutely fine.
Okay. see you tomorrow.
Ciao for now.
- What the hell?
Hi.
I'm Arabella.
- Oh. yeah.
Personal shopper.
I'm Ross. her husband.
- Uh. where's the bedroom?
To put the gowns.
- Top of the stairs.
last door on the right.
Join me for a coffee after?
- Sure.
There was something about her husband.
He had cheat written all over his face.
No wonder she had this power trip over me.
She probably wanted her own form
of release from this nightmare.
- It was just getting cold.
So what's the deal then?
You're here for how long?
- Well. my contract said three weeks.
but it could be continuous.
- Oh. that woman does know how
to blow her cash. doesn't she?
Well. for that. I should say my cash.
- It can be hard when you have an event
to find the right clothing.
- Yeah. or just pure fucking laziness.
- I'm styling what she
wears for her interviews.
For her new novel.
- Have you read the other one?
- Hm. good morning. Arabella.
Ross.
You're here.
- I am.
- I thought you were working.
- Scared I'd see the new habit. huh?
Wasting the cash on
someone buying your gowns?
- Hmm.
- Lost something. dear?
- I'm just looking for my manuscript
to give to my publisher for my-
- "His fingers slipped
like butter inside me.
It was like my whole body welcomed him.
eager for his touch.
It wasn't like my husband's touch.
It was more.
My husband didn't know-"
- Why are you reading that?
- "It wasn't just his touch I desired.
No. it was the need to feel wanted.
to feel important instead of
how my husband treated me."
- It's fucking personal.
- So personal that you're
going to publish it
to be read by millions?
It feels a little bit close to home
from what I've been reading.
- Arabella. ignore my husband.
Marylin. a word.
Why do you have
to embarrass me like that?
Why?
- Now listen. now look.
I know you like to act like a big shot
in front of your friends. all right.
but you do not talk to me-
- What have I done
to upset you?
- Like that in this house!
You don't talk
to me like that!
- This is my house.
you don't bring a penny
into this house.
- You're a fucking cunt!
- No. you do not bring
a penny into this house!
- Is everything okay?
It's fine. yeah.
- If there's anything I can do. I'm here.
and not just as a personal shopper.
- I said. yeah. I said everything is fine.
- It doesn't look fine.
- We've all got our problems. right?
Hello?
Oh hi. yeah.
Okay. great. Yeah. yeah.
I'll be on my way. okay?
All right. Thanks a lot.
Thank you. all right. Bye.
My publisher has some notes for me.
so I've got to go. okay?
- I can iron the gowns.
I may have to leave. though.
- Yeah. that's fine.
that's understandable.
Just lock up when you go.
There was
something about Marylin
that had awoken something inside of me.
It was like that yearning
for the mother figure
that I'd never had.
or was it the I enjoyed
being put in my place?
Surely not.
I mean. in my career. it was all about
finding the control. ensuring
people listened to me.
But something about Marylin.
the way she looked at me.
the way she tore me apart
within seconds with her
look. it turned me on.
I know it's messed up.
and I can't even begin to explain why.
I own you.
You are so below me.
So...
This is where everything takes a turn.
Don't judge me on what I do next.
Just understand that my
actions were being controlled.
in a way puppeteered by an
unknown force within me.
Take off your top.
Unbutton your top.
- Okay.
- Now!
Get on the ground.
Like a dog on all fours.
Dance. little puppy.
Get up.
- You're a crazy bitch. aren't you?
- So like. how the hell
did you manage to get
yourself out of that situation?
- I had to wait for her
to get out the shower
and then I snuck out.
- Oh my god. girl. that's
like super risky. right.
you know that?
- I can't believe I did it.
I didn't plan for it.
but he is so unfaithful.
He slapped her before I left.
- All guys are unfaithful.
but everyone's entitled to
their own opinion. yeah?
Look. I want to know when are
you going to go peepin' again?
- Oh my god.
You're going to go. aren't you?
You're gonna do it again. aren't you?
Dirty little girl you are.
- Oh. shut up. Saffie.
I couldn't help it.
I'd go back there and wait
for her to return home.
Some days it would never
happen. others. it would.
and it was incredible.
- So how's it going then.
with my madam's clothing?
- Well. I think.
She seems to be enjoying
what she's wearing.
- Great.
You know. she should be here by now.
Must be exhausted from her heavy workload.
- She must.
You know. I watched this program yesterday
about how relationships can break.
- An uplifting thing to watch.
- What was interesting was
those who control the relationship
always lose the control at some point.
always become the one who is lower.
- Is that right?
- It is.
They say that if you are weak enough
to control your partner.
the other will always
find strength to react. a
confidence to leave the other.
- Arabella. I loved the dress you bought
for last night's event.
- What sort of event was it. Marylin?
- It was a quiet get together.
There was
something that excited me.
the fact that I knew what
she was really talking about.
that I knew the truth.
I had one up on her even
though she held the key.
she held power.
I knew her dirty secrets.
Marylin?
- Mhm?
- What do you think?
- I can't see the tag.
Who is the designer?
- Well. I don't know if you remember
I told you in the
interview. I'm a designer.
So I thought that maybe
you might want to wear-
- I don't give a shit
what you thought. darling.
I didn't hire somebody to try
and promote me their cheap crap.
some designs which were put together
in an apartment block building. okay?
Look. the Hollywood network guy is here
in an hour and I'm stressed.
I hired you as a personal shopper.
Now. in the nicest possible way.
could you try and
present me with something
which doesn't make me
look like a travesty?
- I have this one.
- That's better.
- I can iron it for you.
- I should hope so.
I've got to go.
Dylan. the interviewer guy. is
going to be here in an hour.
I've got to do my hair.
- Marylin. I'm sorry.
I am.
- Oh. darling. look.
I was just teasing you. okay?
Just seeing how much you could
take before enough's enough.
Some girls can't take it.
Good on you. girl.
You're obedient.
This is
what got me about her.
These moments where she would destroy me
to the point of tears.
then leave me feeling warm.
No one could do this.
She had power over me in a
way that I can't describe.
- Thank you so much for the interview.
Mwah.
- Thank you for having me.
- No. it's my pleasure having you here.
- No problem.
Oh. thank you very much for the um.
the interview. you know. the exposure
the interview will bring.
It will help a lot.
- How do you feel now?
So you're just
walking around her house?
Dude. how did you even get in?
- It's harmless fun.
No. it's risky. okay?
Dangerous.
- It doesn't feel dangerous.
Is the danger
what's turning you on?
- I don't know.
I guess so.
You know what
month it is. right?
Arabella.
- Yes. of course.
- Is that why you're going crazy?
You're not drinking or doing drugs. right?
- No. I know it's the week that mum died
and I'm not doing this because of that.
I'm just enjoying the moment. okay?
Just be careful. yeah?
Arabella.
- Gotta go. okay?
I'm just gonna set the mood.
Can I grab a shower?
Sure.
Won't your husband be back soon?
No. he won't.
You like watching. don't you?
You've been watching for a while.
What I can't figure out is
why haven't you joined me?
- Marylin-
- Stay down. on all fours.
You treat others like an animal.
you deserve to be treated like an animal.
and behave like one and act like one.
All that time. you thought
you were in control.
playing around. watching me.
I was in control.
I knew.
- What does this mean?
Are you going to call the police?
- Of course not.
You're my submissive now.
- Submissive?
- You do whatever I tell you to do.
- Yes.
- Yes. Mistress.
- Get back inside.
- Round two. eh?
- Just a minute.
Sit on him.
I want you to ruin me.
- Now she knew.
All limits were off. right?
That was amazing.
Absolutely incredible.
- How long have you been
into that sort of thing?
- I've never been into this sort of thing.
- Don't lie.
- I'm not.
This is extreme for me.
I've only ever messed
around with my girlfriends.
experimented with men.
- What sort of experiments?
- Sharing men. public places.
- What's the most public
thing that you've done?
- Um...
Okay. when I was 17...
- Mhm?
- I was catching the tube home
and I saw my best friend's dad.
We were headed in the same direction
and he'd had quite a few to drink.
So we sat next to each other.
and he put his hand on my thigh
and up my skirt and I wasn't wearing
any knickers that day
because I had just been
to my boyfriend's and
I'd lost my virginity
and my knickers kind of
got a bit lost?
I guess I was still turned on
and he touched me in all the right places.
and that's when I had my first orgasm.
on the tube by my best friend's dad.
- Did she ever find out?
- No.
She would've disowned me if she knew.
- Were there other people on the tube?
Yeah.
Did they
know what was happening?
- A few of them were aware.
- Was it his touch you liked.
or the fact that people watched it happen?
- I liked the fact that
people were watching.
- You are going to do everything
I tell you to do from now on.
If I tell you a place and
a time. you will abide.
- Yes. Mistress.
- You will be paid the same
as that of a personal shopper.
Do you understand?
Yes. Mistress.
- What do you think?
- I think...
- Mhm?
- This one.
I think you look divine.
- Oh. what are your plans for tonight?
- Plans?
- Yes. What are you doing tonight?
- Not a lot.
- All right. take one of
my dresses and put it on.
I want you to be a guest at one
of my husband's business meetings tonight.
- Your husband's business meeting?
I. I don't think that's
a good idea. Marylin.
- Hush.
I need a guest.
And just like
that. I had butterflies.
just like a young girl on her first date.
- Well. I think the business
is going to go under.
- Well. coming from
you. someone who's never
had a business deal before.
- To be fair. he nearly
landed the last account.
- Until I got my hands on it.
- Fucking prick.
- See the business
relationship's still going well.
- Yeah. the usual. Bollocks.
- He's gonna get the call.
- He needs to get the call.
I've got a lot riding on this.
- Come on!
will you just lay with me
broken part at least
not the same at all
never finding someone
clean across my face
You okay?
- Yeah.
I can't believe he didn't wake up.
- Can you imagine?
- What would have happened if he woke?
- There's something inside me
which just wants to wake him up.
- The other day. the way
he spoke to me about you.
such spite in his tone.
- Oh. It's been that way for a long time.
- Why do you do it?
Why do you stay in such
a loveless relationship?
- It's pointless.
He won't let me leave.
He says he can take everything from me.
My home. my money even my career.
- So you're trapped by him?
- That's how he makes me feel.
Trapped in this emotionally black place.
You're still good for this. yeah?
- Yeah.
- Yeah. you sure?
- Mhm.
- All right.
Everything you need should be in here.
Got names. got numbers. got times.
So wherever you need to find her.
it's going to be in here. all right?
Great.
- First half for you.
Get the rest of it when it's done. yeah?
Who was this guy?
Should I tell Marylin?
I didn't want to rock the boat.
especially now being her submissive.
I decided I'd keep an
eye on this strange guy.
- Wow. Nice work.
- Thanks.
- You feeling inspired?
- I guess so.
- There's some pretty dark
clothes going on here.
What's it for?
- My manager. he got me
another go at this campaign.
If I get it. it'll be on all
the billboards. shop windows.
It'll really push my line.
- Well if you get it. I guess you're going
to have to give up the
personal shopper gig. right?
You don't want to?
- I don't know what I want. Saf.
- Oh. you. have you got
feelings for that woman?
Marylin?
- No.
No. of course not.
It's not like that.
She knows.
- What? Knows what?
- About me watching.
- No way.
- I've joined a few times. too.
- Oh my god. stop.
No. oh. Arabella. what about her husband?
- He's so ungrateful and
he doesn't deserve her.
- You do?
What?
I'll see ya.
- Marylin?
Open up!
Marylin?
- Don't look at me.
- What happened?
Where is he?
Who wrote that?
- He's left.
He won't be back until tomorrow.
- What happened?
- We had an argument and
I just tried to walk out
and he turned violent.
- Marylin?
How many times has he hit you?
- I'm a big girl. I can handle myself.
It doesn't matter.
I just wanna be set free.
I mean. I can't go on like this anymore.
How did I...
How did I turn into such a weak person?
How could I let him do this to me?
- You are so much better than this.
- Screw it.
Let's go out.
- Now?
- Let me show you where
I go when I'm in pain.
- Evening. Marylin.
- Evening.
- Sorry miss. it's members only.
- She's with me.
- Relation to you?
- She's my daughter.
- You may leave your coat on the side.
I've never been
anywhere like it before.
I mean. I'm not naive.
I know these places
existed. but going to one?
Now that was an experience.
- Good. doggie.
Get on the floor. doggie.
Kiss my shoe.
where you belong.
- I want you all to relish tonight.
Enjoy yourselves.
Take advantage of the many
rooms we have in our chamber.
but most of all take
advantage of each other.
As always. no photography
to be had in the chamber.
and as ever. what happens in the chamber
stays in the chamber.
We are strangers outside.
but lovers inside.
Let the night begin!
Ah. Marylin.
So glad you could join us.
- You know what I'm here for.
- And what have you brought us?
- My daughter.
Bella.
- Bella.
First time?
- It is.
- We best show you the ropes.
- Don't embarrass me. Harder.
- Are you enjoying this?
- Yes. I am.
Are you?
- Does it not hurt?
- I enjoy the pain.
The masters only inflict
the scars when needed.
Are you not
used to the pain. Bella?
- On your knees.
What?
- On the floor.
Wake up.
Would you do anything for me?
- Yes. Mistress.
- Yes.
- I would do anything for you.
I mean it.
I am your submissive now.
- How far are you willing to go?
- I'd do anything. so
you have full control.
I fear for myself.
- The day you revealed to me
that you knew I was
watching the whole time.
I saw a man in your house.
A hooded man.
I've seen him talking with your husband.
- What man?
- He was creeping around your house.
I thought it was just one of your men.
but I've seen him since.
- I think I'm in danger.
- I will do whatever it takes
to keep you safe. Mistress.
- Arabella?
- Good morning. Marylin.
- Ah. not just an
excellent personal shopper.
and a very pretty face.
the girl can make an
excellent breakfast. too.
Arabella. you should show
my wife the ropes some time.
She could do with learning a thing or two.
- Oh no. Marylin.
Yours is this one.
I made Ross's extra strong.
just how he likes it.
- Plans today?
- Not as yet.
- God. I swear. you spend more time
lazing around this house
than you ever do writing.
No wonder you haven't had
a hit in over 10 years.
and no wonder you're always
after my sweet penny.
- I have just submitted my manuscript
to my publisher to be reviewed.
I needed downtime. a holiday.
- Christ. your whole
life's a holiday. isn't it?
Oh. it's the life of luxury
that you lead. isn't it...
Call an ambulance.
- Call...
Call an ambulance?
So when he
fell. he was facing this way.
with his back to the garden.
- Forensics confirmed he was faced
three feet away from the table.
- So you have no indication of anyone
that wanted to harm your husband.
Mrs. Blacklock-Charterhouse?
- No. No one potentially. no.
- I do have something to confess.
There was a man.
A hooded man.
- And when was this?
- The other day I was
dropping gowns off for Marylin
and he was in the home.
I didn't think anything of it.
I thought. I thought maybe. maybe.
maybe a visitor who had easy access?
- Well my husband did
allow entrance to people.
- So this could have been
somebody that he knew?
- He knew a lot of people.
You had a lot of ties and he owed money.
We can't see each other for a while.
- Why?
- I can't risk the truth coming out.
- They won't suspect me.
- God. no. they really won't suspect.
How did it feel to have the control
to take away a person's life?
My husband's life?
You're dominant.
You took away a massive part of my life.
How did that feel?
- I liked the fact you
couldn't do anything.
You were completely unaware of the fact
that I had done something
to end his miserable life.
and allow you a new chance at everything.
- There's something deep inside you which.
well. it scares me.
- What do you mean?
- In that moment you had
control and you were dangerous.
It's like you would do anything for me.
Anything.
- I have had men in my life treat me
just as bad as he treated you.
I was scared of having
control for a long time.
I guess in a way I still am.
- Who was that guy?
- You remember...
I told you that story...
About...
My best friend's dad?
On the tube?
It was hot at the time.
but looking back. it was
completely messed up.
The memory I had of it was all I wanted.
He would fuck me whenever
Saffie wasn't in.
Fuck.
I'd even go around to his just knowing
she wasn't there just to
get more of him.
- What changed?
I mean. what stopped
you from wanting more?
- He pushed me away.
He led me on for just over nine months.
and when I told him I
wanted something serious.
he pulled back and he cut me off.
My messages. my calls.
He even made Saffie avoid me.
I saw him out one day and I told him
that I was telling Saffie.
He freaked out.
I knew at the time. I knew
how much he wanted me.
He begged me not to.
I probably wouldn't have done either.
Two days later...
He hung himself.
I was alone.
Isolated.
For the first time in my life.
I suffered the first death and heartbreak
all wrapped up in one big secret.
I couldn't tell anyone.
I was scared of what I was
able to do with control.
What I was able to make somebody do.
And since then. I never
took control of a situation.
- But today you had control.
- Yeah. In a different way.
Under the power of you. under
the control of you. my dom.
- That's what makes you a good sub.
- I guess.
I guess being a sub is a way
of how I can avoid what happened before.
A week had passed and
still nothing from Marylin.
I had to take my mind off this.
turn this emotion into something.
- I think your work is dark. mysterious.
There's something about it.
just pulls at the heart strings.
and wants me to know your secrets.
It's like these designs have been written
with secrets behind them.
all the clothes telling their own story.
How long would it take you
to deliver some sample items?
- We could have them to
you by the weekend. right?
- Yeah. we could
- Hmm.
I'm interested in making an order.
Let's see where this goes.
Hello. this
is the voicemail of
Marylin Blacklock-Charterhouse.
Please leave a message after the tone.
- Hey Marylin.
It's me.
I've got some exciting news.
and I was wondering if
you wanted to go out
for a drink later to celebrate?
We could celebrate a few things.
Don't move!
You tell me who the hell you
are or I'm calling the police.
Answer my fucking question!
- I am working for the
deceased Mr. Ross Charterhouse.
- You're here to kill her. aren't you?
You're here to kill Marylin.
- I was hired by Mr. Charterhouse.
I'm a private detective.
- Detective?
- Mr. Charterhouse feared for his life.
He paid me to do research
into Ms. Charterhouse.
find out about her plans.
where she was going.
who she was doing.
We're both used to a little
sneaking. are we not?
- What do you mean he feared for his life?
He wasn't so innocent. He was abusive.
- Marylin Charterhouse is poison.
You have no idea who you're dealing with.
- No.
- She's got you hook. line.
and sinker. hasn't she?
- I don't know who the hell you are
or what you think you're doing.
but you are breaking and entering.
- As are you.
He wanted me to find
out what she was doing.
Force Marylin to expose her plan before
it was too late. which was the case.
- Get out of here.
- Be careful around that woman.
I don't know what she has told
you. what lie she has spun.
She will throw you under the bus
just like she did with Mr. Charterhouse.
Took him for all he
worth. made a joke of him.
and made a quick escape.
That woman will trick you into
doing just about anything.
She has that power over people.
She will give you the
control. but believe you me.
you will never. ever have the control
when that woman is present.
- Something hit me.
In this moment. I began
to question Marylin.
Had I been played this whole time.
like a mouse in a cage.
a python had lured me in.
wrapped itself around me.
and taken my life away?
Going somewhere?
- What are you doing here?
- What's going on?
- How did it feel to have the control
to take away a person's life?
My husband's life.
Hello. Detective
Lucinda Morley speaking.
How can I help you?
- I've told you.
- Did it make you feel good
inside taking that away from me?
- Yes.
- Oh my god. is that why you're here?
Are you here to kill me. too?
Is that why you in my home uninvited?
- I spoke to the man who
broke into your house.
He was a private detective.
He was hired by your husband
because he was fearful for his life.
Of what you might do.
- Good. because he should have been.
- You always planned to
kill him. didn't you?
- Don't act like that's big news.
- Did you ever plan to kill him yourself
or was it always going to be me?
- It was always going to be you.
I like to keep my hands clean.
Poor little puppy.
Never saw it coming.
This whole time you've been submissive
and now you think that
you've got the confidence
to put me in my place?
I don't think so.
I'm the one with the power
in this relationship.
- You played me.
He was right.
You played me.
- Oh. don't cry.
Somebody had to be chosen.
I mean to hell. did I
ever a personnel shopper?
I don't think so. no.
I needed someone in need. desperate.
and you were the perfect person.
Oh. the way you came
into that job interview.
I ripped you apart in seconds.
But why are you here?
Everybody else in that waiting room
actually wants this as a profession.
So how are you of taking orders?
- I think I can take guidance really well.
- Don't look at me.
- What happened?
- I went to walk out
and he turned violent.
- I would do anything for you.
- How far are you willing to go?
- I am your submissive now.
- I think I'm in danger.
- Be careful around that woman.
She's got you hook. line
and sinker. hasn't she?
You will never. ever have the control
when that woman is present.
- It's not like you made it hard for me.
I just had to supply you with a few leads
and you took the bait.
I liked the fact
that you couldn't do anything.
You wanted so badly to be free of him.
completely unaware of the fact that
I had done something to him.
That I were the one to
end his miserable life
and allow you a new chance at everything.
- Don't be so sad.
He was a complete dick anyway.
You did something good
for society. and for me.
People don't want scum
like that around here.
Besides. you've given me a
great ending to my new novel.
- You tricked me.
- Yeah.
I guess it's showtime.
- Oh no. don't!
- Fuck.
Take this.
There's a good sub.
Marylin?
- She's in here!
Come and get her!
She's crazy. please!
She's trying to kill me! Please!
Please!
She killed my husband!
Come and get her!
Help!
Help. help!
- Hands out where I can see 'em!
It's me again.
Just as she planned the entire time.
I was sentenced for his murder
and faced six years behind bars.
I was released early for good behavior.
All of those years locked
away in a caged room
made me realize who I really was.
where my fit was in the world.
and on my release date. I was surprised
to find Marylin waiting
for me outside the jail.
ready to take me back to my
home. to where I belonged.
- How are you?
Answer your Mistress.
- I am well. Mistress.
- There's a good sub.
How does it feel being
locked away in there
knowing that I'm outside
and I can sleep with whomever I want?
Who's in control now?
- You are. Mistress.
- I control you.
Nobody else.
nothing more than you keep
you don't want to be
And so the story continues.
I had found my place.
I had found where I'd always
belonged in the world.
It wasn't in the fashion
industry. it was as her pet.
You probably think I'm crazy.
and I guess in a way I am.
But there was nothing
I would have changed.
will you just lay with me
broken part at least
not the same at all
never finding someone